feat: add `math/base/special/trunc10f` (#10421)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/trunc10f/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2026 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# trunc10f

> > Round a numeric value to the nearest power of 10 toward zero.

Reviewer: The intro should specify "single-precision floating-point number" rather than "numeric value" to match the float32 convention (cf. `floorf`, `truncf`, etc.) and to be consistent with both the `package.json` description and the function-level description on line 41.

```suggestion
> Round a single-precision floating-point number to the nearest power of 10 toward zero.
```
